Why do you keep...
showing up like this?
It truly is a coincidence.
Good night, then.
How can you...
be this beautiful?
And what if I'm beautiful?
What comes next?
This.
When is this going to stop?
This is so awkward. It's awkward.
Look over there.
It's like a scene from a movie!
Gosh, I'm so jealous.
What do I say?
No, wait. Please don't say a word.
It did seem like a scene from a movie, right?
Right, a scene from a movie...
Goodness.
I had no idea the riverside was packed.
Then why don't we get going?
What do we do?
Shall we?
- Congratulations! - You're so pretty!
I had a good time today.
I'm not saying that I enjoyed "it", but...
Well,
I'm glad I caught you since I was hoping to.
I mean...
I can't believe you crumbled the wall that I had up.
I'm only saying this so that you won't overthink it.
It wasn't a mistake.
I...
like you, Ms. Jang.
I'm sorry...
for not telling you sooner.
From this moment on, let's not worry...
about what's to come...
and be curious about it instead.
Sure.
Good night.
Goodness. Bottoms up.
So what are your thoughts, Mr. Kim?
They're delicious. They really are.
The place serves incredible food.
Mr. Kim,
would it be all right to promote Ms. Jang as our new editor-in-chief?
She may not have the best reputation,
but her work speaks for itself.
But I guess her reputation matters...
since it can cause us a lot of issues.
The decision should be yours, sir.
Let's drink then.
For now, I've been looking for an outside hire.
Someone who has experience in advertisement.
Still, it shouldn't be a unilateral decision...
on my end.
I'd like the opinions of the employees too,
so don't hesitate to tell me how you think.
But if advertisement deals start to drop,
someone within the department will be held accountable for.
Anyway, the food is delicious.
- Cheers. - Right, cheers.
My gosh.
Gosh.
That's what I call fine weather.
What a beautiful day.
Yoon Jae Young, you dirty rat.
You ask my mom to babysit whenever you feel like it...
and toss your laundry in my basket.
That's low even for a jerk like you.
I can't toss it in your mom's since she does Do Ah's laundry for me.
I'm not a piece of trash, you know.
What kind of excuse is that?
How dare you toss your dirty laundry in my basket?
Good morning.
Jae Young, your tie wasn't straight.
Here's your morning coffee.
Are you here to pick me up?
I'm not one to wait around for others,
but are you touched?
Gosh, that's cheesy.
You must be carpooling today.
That's nice.
Something like that.
- Anyway, we'll get going. - Sure. Have a good day.
- Bye, then. - Sure. It was good to see you.
Have a good morning.
What on earth?
You look even prettier today, my friend.
Did you just call me your friend?
My girlfriend.
- Gosh. - I've been losing my hair lately.
- Could you check? - Where?
- Here. - Here?
Yes, right there.
I'm intoxicated by you...
to the point of my hair falling out.
He must be insane.
Get back here.
Are you kidding me?
- What was that? - Hop in.
Sure.
Ms. Choi, hi.
Good morning.
What's with the bike?
I ride it to work.
Is it a dream of yours to be a guy...
who rides a bike to work while wearing a backpack?
Your legs will turn into jelly.
Right...
It's to save money on transportation.
I have deposited 800 dollars twice in my installment savings account.
The ring is 900 dollars,
so if I divide it by 12 months, it'll be 75 dollars.
When there's no interest, of course.
If I'm able to save 60 dollars on transportation,
I only have to pay 15 dollars a month for the ring.
Why are you telling me that detail?
Is it to make me uncomfortable?
You asked why I rode the bike to work,
so I was giving you an answer.
I apologize if it made you uncomfortable.
I'll get going then.
Maybe I should rethink how I feel about him.
He's naive and gullible, but not in a good way.
Did I have to mention the brand?
I only have myself to blame.
I'll walk you to the entrance.
What if someone sees us?
So what if they do?
We're a couple now, so we should keep it on the down-low.
A couple?
Would I reject you after all this time?
How could I when you confessed to me...
with that sweet kiss?
Must office romances...
be a secret?
I've never had one before.
Me neither.
I want to brag about you.
You said you wouldn't fall for me. What made you fall for me?
Every time you were embarrassed in front of me.
I fell for you every time you acted like a dingbat.
But I can't act like a dingbat.
I'm worried now.
What do I do with this guy? He called me a dingbat.
Wait.
I won't worry about it anymore.
I've crossed the line, and there's no turning back.
If by chance...
you end up...
being disappointed in me,
don't stop...
liking me, okay?
What about you?
I'm confident.
I know myself, and I trust myself.
Even if something happens to me, I'll stand firm.
So you can't stop adoring me.
Fine. I promise.
- Promise. - Let's not get caught,
and have a sweet relationship for a long time.
Oh, my gosh.
What's going on?
- Look at them. - I can't watch.
(Episode 9: The Moments That We Say It's Love)
Hello.
You're here early.
Tea? Coffee?
I already had.
It's nice and slow since we met the deadline, isn't it?
Let's see.
- Soo Chul. - Yes?
Don't kill me.
I wanted to stick you and Ha Ri together.
I really wasn't slacking off. Hey.
I get rashes, and it gets itchy when I keep wearing it.
It was too frustrating to watch the two of you.
That's why I went as far as... I'm sorry.
Thank you.
- What? - You're the best.
I'll stick to her.
I'll stick to her 52 hours a week.
Hold on. Are you two...
Are you no longer a self-declared bachelor?
Ha Ri doesn't want to get married either.
What about kids?
What about Ha Ri's baby?
We'll have to believe in miracles.
I've been losing my hair lately.
- Here? - Yes, right there.
I'm intoxicated by you...
to the point of my hair falling out.
(Nitwit)
Hey, it's me.
You'll come for Do Ah's first birthday photoshoot, right?
Come.
You recommended the place to me.
Let's eat and watch a movie afterward.
Why would I watch a movie with you?
You promised you would, so keep your word!
He went from a beggar to a stubborn mule.
Give me a break.
You are so childish.
"Keep your word."
Ha Ri! What's going on?
- You and Mr. Han... - Hey!
I saw you eating together,
holding hands, and doing all sorts of things with my own eyes.
The two of you were totally...
Oh, my gosh!
You. Get in here.
Come on.
Get over here.
What is it?
Why do you suddenly look like a bully?
I never experienced this even when I was in school.
This is expensive.
Is the word out already?
How much did you hear?
Hold on.
How far did you go?
I didn't go...
I didn't go anywhere.
We didn't do anything.
You were doing a lot of stuff outside.
Let's cut her some slack.
She said they're "we".
Okay, good. That's good!
- Ha Ri. - Yes.
- Okay. - Good.
You did great. I had lost all hope for you.
Good luck.
So... Let's end this gossip...
with you guys.
I received enough attention at the office already.
It has been a day. I don't want it to be ruined by rumors.
I want this to last long.
Eternal love?
Love that lasts 100 years?
I know that we are...
always a month behind in finding out the gossip,
but we are astute when we do notice.
You should be careful.
Of course. I'll be careful.
Then has Ms. Jang's pregnancy project...
come to a close?
Wait. I Sang doesn't like...
children.
What?
Everyone in the company and the nation knows you want a kid.
- I'm sure he's thinking about it. - I agree.
Right?
Isn't the goal a shotgun wedding?
I know I have to work quickly,
but it's too soon to talk about babies one day into dating.
But then again, I feel like we'll face it eventually.
We are quite old, and we've already kissed...
- You've kissed? - You kissed him?
- You've kissed? - My gosh!
- My gosh! - It's game over!
- That's so awesome! - Yes!
- This is huge! - Seriously!
- Congratulations. - Oh, my gosh.
- It's a done deal. - Stop it.
- Yes! - Yes!
Yes!
You said you'd handle it!
Do you call this "handling it"?
How many times must I tell you?
Get out.
He can't do anything right.
(My daughter)
Hey.
Hi. What's up?
London?
You can't go there alone.
I can't skip work.
Does she have to get lessons from a professor?
Yes, I can use my vacation days during the summer,
but there are some stuff going on at work.
She's still in grade school.
Why are you preparing for her college application already?
Anyway, I feel too bad...
to take a trip and things like that.
I never said I'm not proud of her.
Yes, I want her to become the next Mozart too.
What?
Mozart didn't play the flute?
Anyway, let's stay within our means.
I'm...
- Things are just too hard. - It's too hard.
- Let's talk at home. - Let's talk later.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Yes.
Yes, I'm on my way up.
I'm on my way too. Take your time.
I'm on my way to see you.
I'm going down now.
You're coming, right?
Just a second.
- Where are the seniors? - I don't know. They all left.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Change of plans. Change of plans.
Let's meet on the first floor.
Is someone there?
The employees usually don't take the stairs.
Do you think there's another couple at work?
Maybe.
This is our spot.
Go somewhere else.
- Those punks. - It's delicious.
You brought lunch?
Yes, so I can save my lunch money.
Let's say I normally spend eight dollars for lunch.
And sometimes, I even eat dinner.
So if I save about 300 dollars every month,
it'll only take six months...
for me to make up for the money I spent on buying the ring.
Then don't buy a Cartier ring.
Just get an 18k ring.
You're saving so much money just to get that ring.
To be honest, this is my first time asking someone out.
So I want to do a good job.
I've never liked someone this much.
And I really want her to like me...
and my proposal.
I seem like a fool, don't I?
Yes. I mean, I had no idea...
you could be such a fool.
Will this do?
Let's go eat something delicious.
No, it's okay.
I'll be able to save money.
(Emergency Tteokbokki)
Everything tastes delicious when I'm with you.
Is it yummy, my sweetheart?
You have sauce all over your mouth. My goodness.
You're so cute.
You're so adorable.
But I have to say, this is very exciting.
I looked it up online, and couples meet in front of the copy machine...
and in the lounge to have short dates.
But your journalist colleagues know about us.
Soo Chul knows as well.
Are you sure this is a secret?
But they're the only ones.
They're my people, so they're very loyal.
But you're too obvious, Ha Ri. Everyone will notice because of you.
You're going to call me Ha Ri now?
If you want a nickname, I can call you Cutie Pie.
Gosh, that's terrible.
I tend to be a bit brusque.
So I don't know how to say stuff like "Ha Ri wants this."
My gosh, this is bad.
This is really bad.
You're so cute that it's making me angry.
I better be the only person who gets to see this.
You'd better not act so cute...
in front of other people, okay?
But don't you think we'll get caught eating here?
There's a tteokbokki restaurant right in front of the office.
Plus, we're colleagues. We can eat together.
It's not like we got caught kissing.
My goodness.
Ms. Jang.
We played a game to decide who gets to pay.
The first person to scream is the loser.
But we tied, so let's each pay half.
Move.
My gosh, they startled me.
Let me tell you something since you already know.
This is very thrilling.
Gosh, I don't know what that was about.
But it looks fun.
We should also do it sometime.
I don't know what you're talking about, but sure.
- What? - It's going to be so fun.
I'm sorry. If I didn't pinch you hard enough,
I was worried it might not seem real.
It's okay.
But I have to say, you're very strong.
I'm going to be doing a shoot with Kang Hyo Joo.
She needs to exercise so she can look nice for the shoot,
so it'll be around next month.
Kang Hyo Joo?
What's wrong?
Should I not do it?
Oh, come on.
I'm a professional when it comes to work.
I hope you do a great job. Enough to make me get jealous.
My girlfriend really is the best.
You're such a pro.
- You're amazing. - Yes, I know.
What's the point of asking us to keep our mouths shut?
Yawn, burp, sneeze, and love.
You can't hide those four.
Love falls under that category?
Love is an instinct.
My gosh.
But still, burping is too gross.
What's the matter with me?
Goodbye.
You look happy.
- What are you doing outside? - Are you really dating that punk?
Don't call him "that punk".
Call him Mr. Han or I Sang.
Okay, fine. Did you and Mr. Han...
actually start dating each other?
Then do you think I'd be fooling around with him at my age?
I've waited 10 years to date someone like him.
Yesterday was our first day.
First day, my foot.
Why are you counting days?
So you can check how long it'll take for you to break up?
Are you picking a fight because you're lonely?
I'm counting so we'll last thousands of days together.
Gosh, you're so annoying.
- Come to Do Ah's photoshoot. - Gosh, okay.
You promised, okay?
That little punk.
We need to do a reshoot of the photoshoot we did last time.
Why?
We even received designer clothes for the photoshoot.
But the clothes are too fancy.
What's so weird about kids having fun wearing designer clothes?
Is this coming from Ms. Jang?
Who else would it be?
She's unbelievable.
What? Who?
Ha... Ha Ri?
Her judgment...
is right on point.
I can't say "no" to this.
Gosh, your reaction is so corny.
You've gone nuts.
Thanks to her, we'll get to do a reshoot.
Then let me give you a word of advice in return.
Ha Ri wishes to drive on the Autobahn.
Her dream is to get pregnant before getting married.
But she's very shy and romantic.
So she's probably sticking to the speed limit.
You get what I mean, right?
What if you meet someone you love?
And what if there's an unexpected pregnancy?
So you've never once wanted to be a dad?
Eu Ddeum almost caught them kissing while eating tteokbokki.
Seung Ho and I almost caught them in the staircase.
Maybe they don't know what a secret relationship is.
Maybe they want to get caught.
Guys.
You're obviously texting about me, aren't you?
The fact that you all stopped typing proves my suspicion.
Unbelievable.
- Ha Ri. - Yes?
There's a notice on the company bulletin board.
Sure. Let's take a look.
(Personnel Transfer)
(Deputy Manager to Acting Editor-in-chief: Jang Ha Ri)
Mr. Kim.
We need to talk.
Why are you being like Ms. Shim?
Could you stop glaring at me like that?
Tell me everything you know.
About what?
Being the minority here,
I know the male employees have been bonding on their own.
You knew how I'd react...
to this recent personnel appointment...
and have probably thought of what to say to me.
It seems like you're on board with the decision.
I had no idea that you were this smart.
I have always been showing my smarts around here.
My temper too.
Who is it going to be?
They're looking for an outside hire.
Someone with a successful career in advertisement.
I felt awful too, you know.
Truth be told, I wanted to take your side on this,
but how could I say anything when my job could be on the line?
I have a family to provide for. If you consider my age...
and my career,
I wouldn't be hired anywhere else.
The same goes for me too.
Darn it.
- May I go now? - Darn.
I'm sorry.
You've got to be kidding me.
Soo Chul told me.
Do you want me there?
(Han I Sang)
(It's all right. I'm not worried of anything now since I have you.)
Seeing as you're here in the middle of a weekday...
must mean that you don't work in an office.
I'm a freelance photographer. Someone who takes photographs.
How cool.
What made you want to learn leather crafting?
It's a hobby of mine to try activities I'm new at.
Me too.
There are just so many things...
I didn't have time for when I was young.
At this age, there's nothing more to do...
than do what you love, right?
I only started this because my life got boring.
Providing some kind of meaning to life...
was the only way to keep going.
It's strange how someone so younger than me...
share the same thoughts.
Are you married?
I haven't gotten around to that yet.
This is great news. You see, I know someone...
who's about to inherit a building.
Would you like to meet her?
She may not be inheriting a building,
but I have a girlfriend who is the prettiest.
We just started dating,
but I need to be good to her...
so that she decides to stay with me forever.
Is that so?
You should've hinted at a girlfriend...
instead of making me think you had a sob story.
Ms. Jang,
this is irresponsible of you.
"The Baby" was published 30 years ago...
and I have been around for 15.
I have worked on every single issue since joining.
Yes, I know. It's why I'm highly fond of you.
But this is a different matter.
I'm doing what's best for the company,
so it's too bad if you feel disappointed.
It's why I suggested you move to a different department.
Anyway, until another spot clears up,
stay at "The Baby" and then switch positions.
You clearly don't see me as editor-in-chief material,
so I should resign.
If you quit like this,
who will turn out the upcoming issues?
You announced my position at this very moment...
because you knew I wouldn't dare leave "The Baby" hanging.
How could you use my love for the magazine like this?
Hold on.
If this is because you're upset about the appointment,
tell me what it is you want.
Why would you make a drastic decision...
without trying to negotiate your terms first?
Because editor-in-chief will never be on the table.
Mr. Joo, this isn't because I'm angry.
The trouble I caused was one of the reasons,
but so is the fact that I'm a childless unmarried woman.
If I let my case become a precedent,
other talented but unmarried employees...
will also suffer in the same way.
So how can I not fight this?
Are you saying that the evaluation is unfair?
It should solely be based on character and performance.
If I'm still not the right person for the job,
I'll leave without any regrets.
But Ms. Jang!
Your wrists hurt, right?
I bought another one while buying my own.
Gosh, thank you.
It's no big deal.
He has one lucky girlfriend.
Hello.
Two iced Americanos, please.
Which beans would you like?
Yirgacheffe, please.
Excellent. That's a fine choice.
What's with the medicated patch? Did you hurt yourself?
It's nothing.
Anyway, you made the right choice.
I've always wanted to hand in my resignation like that.
It turned out to be no big deal.
I only wish that I had done it sooner.
I'm proud of you.
Maybe I should've thought it through though.
What about next month's issue?
Will the others be able to handle it?
I may not be a mom, but I'm still just as capable.
Of course.
Why should I endure the insult and contempt?
The insult and contempt?
It's their loss.
Yes, it's their loss.
The others are worried about turning out like me.
Now, I'll be an example of why they should never resign.
What's this?
Ta-da.
I didn't pick it up on the street or anything.
For the first time in my life,
I poured my heart and soul into something homemade.
- Did you make this? - Yes.
- Doctor. - Yes?
What are you doing?
I'm treating a patient...
Sorry about that. You looked like you had a headache.
Okay, let's look at you.
It's okay.
- Doctor. - Yes?
Aren't you going to pick up Do Ah?
It's late.
Yes.
(3 missed calls)
What is wrong with you?
- Let's go. - Bye.
- Hello. - Hello.
I'm sorry. I was bogged down at work.
Where's Do Ah?
I couldn't reach you, so I called your aunt.
She just took her.
My aunt?
- I'm sorry. Okay. - It's okay.
- You sweet thing. - Auntie.
- I'm sorry. I'll take her. - Were you busy at work?
It's okay. I brought the stroller so that I can take her home.
She wouldn't want to stay at a hospital.
She can't shake her cold.
Sorry. I'm only making you and Do Ah suffer.
I never imagined I'd be watching your kid,
but what can I do?
I feel bad for both you and Do Ah.
This isn't what I wanted.
I always realize after I've lost my chance.
You don't have time to be weak when you raise a child alone.
If you get all weak on me, I won't watch Do Ah.
Okay. I'm always grateful.
- Go back. - Okay, bye.
Bye.
Okay, my baby.
Darn it. Seriously.
I don't think he'll call.
Wasn't that his way of telling you to quit?
Did you really talk like you'd quit?
Yes. I had to go all out if I wanted a chance.
And you may really be out.
I guess we'll get a new editor-in-chief.
Why did you do that?
You should've begged as you usually do.
I'll just quit then.
Forget them. I don't need them.
What about us then?
Jang Ha Ri speaking. Yes, sir.
Yes.
So, you just have to get The Mom members back, right?
You know the chairman is sensitive to readers' reactions.
He said they'll make me editor-in-chief...
if I bring back the readers who left.
That sounds like their way of telling you to quit.
- Right? - Yes.
Hey.
It's better than being promoted amidst the readers' protest.
They doubt your skills in coming up with content, so let's go with that.
You're so smart.
There is a story I was thinking of.
Do you think it'll work?
What is it?
We'll make it a competition like this.
Do you think they'd agree to do it?
Even if...
What about...
Yes. That will go here.
So Yoon!
- False. - Correct.
Be careful.
What are you doing?
Block her vision. Don't let her see.
Block her.
(Kitchen toys)
(Beat the Senior Writer Jang Ha Ri)
No one's here yet.
Ready?
Here.
Seriously.
You don't want to wear it?
Why not? Why don't you want to wear it?
You need to wear it to look pretty.
Daddy thinks this makes you look pretty.
I guess you're very confident in your looks.
Hold on.
Let's call the fixer.
What is she doing?
Please.
(Can't take Do Ah's pictures. Come after work, please.)
(Jang Ha Ri)
- You came. - You came.
- Hello. - Hello.
Please have a seat.
The subject is infant care. The highest difficulty.
Do you see this?
You can just take these prizes pretty much for free.
Okay. "Beat Jang Ha Ri".
- Let's begin! - Let's do this!
Good luck!
Good luck.
Okay. First question.
Give me the card.
- Which brand makes this bottle? - Me.
- What do you mean, "me"? - The Mom.
- The Mom. - Mommy Fatty Baby Bottle.
- Fatty! Correct! - Yes!
Give me the prize.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Congratulations.
The next question is a music question.
Listen carefully and guess the title.
Play it, please.
- Jang Ha Ri! Pororo! - Pororo! Which year?
Which year?
The Mom. Year two.
Year two! Correct!
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Next The Mom member, please come up.
These are two identical-looking porridge.
Which is early and which is mid-stage?
- Jang Ha Ri. Early. Mid-stage. - Correct!
How many months old is this baby?
- Jang Ha Ri. 12 months. - 12 months! Correct!
Look here.
You're tired, right? We're almost done.
My pretty little daughter.
What? You miss Auntie Ha Ri?
Daddy misses Auntie Ha Ri too.
What's that? Auntie Ha Ri must be here.
May I help you?
I'm Yoon Do Ah's mom.
Yes. Good job.
Will you become a soccer player?
Why don't you join them?
(First Birthday)
Let's take a family picture.
Did Ha Ri tell you?
She called me at the hospital.
She didn't say anything else and just gave me the address.
Just take this picture, but nothing else.
I don't want Do Ah to get hurt.
Excuse me. There.
Here we go.
1, 2, 3.
Did you have fun?
Yes.
If you write about infant care for 15 years, you can tell...
how many months a baby is just from a picture.
I challenged you moms although I have...
no experience in raising a baby...
because I wanted to show you what we lack...
and what we're good at.
Our job is to guide people...
and help them ease their way through childcare...
like a reference book and a close friend...
although there are no right or wrong answers to it.
You're the woman who tried to buy sperm, aren't you?
How could you try to do something like that?
You might think I don't deserve to work at a baby magazine...
because of my personal life.
But I'm grateful that you got angry at me as a mother.
And after you read my column,
you also understood...
how much I wanted to become a mom.
And that makes me want to become a better journalist...
and a confident mother.
For the past 15 years, I met so many different mothers.
And that made me...
want to become a mother even more.
I'll keep learning and share more information with you.
So I hope you subscribe to our magazine again.
Please.
Gosh, where is it?
Where could it be?
It's not this.
Oh, my gosh!
It's me!
It's me, Eu Ddeum! It's me!
It's Eu Ddeum.
Why were you staring behind the shelf?
I thought you were a thief.
Sorry for startling you.
What... What did I hit you with? A snack?
A watermelon?
Did I throw something at your face?
No, it didn't hurt at all. Are you okay?
My gosh.
Why do you keep making me hit you?
Gosh, I shouldn't hit you even if you do something bad.
I'm sorry. From now on, I'll only do things that are worth complimenting.
Sorry.
My goodness.
There's something weird about you.
You never do anything right, but it's hard to hate you.
My gosh, seriously.
Then if I only do the right things, does that mean you'll like me?
Ms. Jang, can you give me your hand?
I once had someone read my palm.
But your palm...
My gosh, what is that?
Gosh.
What are you doing? What's with the scissors?
I just got curious.
People sometimes do things for no reason.
I just did it for no reason.
All of a sudden?
Take it away.
Who is this for?
Just a second. It's personal. Let me try this on you.
Just a moment.
Are you going to try this with all the scissors?
This is the last one. I promise I'll stop after this.
My gosh.
You're really weird.
I thought about...
how I would've felt if someone else...
asked for what you wanted.
But it just felt wrong.
I think...
I wanted to share it with you because it's you.
But...
I don't think I can give it to you anymore.
It's open. Come in.
It's you? I thought it was Eun Young.
Why would you get involved?
Why would you call Jeong Won?
I just thought about Do Ah.
I didn't want her to think that her mom abandoned her...
every time she saw the photos from her first birthday.
Do you hate Jeong Won that much?
No, I hate you more.
My gosh.
Why are you so cranky? You're about to turn 40 soon.
Don't be such a kid.
Ha Ri.
What? What do you want?
Hey, do you think you can intimidate me by doing this?
Do you really want me to get back together with Jeong Won?
That's up to you guys to decide.
Well, I don't feel that way.
I don't like that you're dating Han I Sang.
Why is the door open?
What are you guys doing? Are you fighting again?
No, we're not fighting.
My gosh.
Seriously.
You guys need to stop fighting.
Gosh, what happened?
I was just a little angry. I hope you understand.
Okay, fine.
I'm sorry.
You know how I caught my brother-in-law cheating...
and told everything to my sister?
- But my sister is angry at me. - Why?
She apparently knew about it but pretended not to know.
But now that I caught him, she can no longer ignore it.
You have no idea how much she cried.
My sister can't live without my brother-in-law.
They can't get a divorce because of the kids.
When you have kids together, your relationship never ends...
even after you get a divorce.
I get that you're angry for having met your ex-wife.
But I'm just really happy that I'm dating someone in 10 years.
Just cut me some slack.
It's none of his business anyway.
I'm so proud of you, Ha Ri.
I thought you'd grow old all by yourself.
Don't think about having kids. Just date him. Don't even marry him.
I can't wait to see...
how handsome he is.
You'll get shocked once you see him.
Talking about him makes me miss him so much.
Don't go overboard.
Don't end up pouring your heart out only to end up in tears.
Don't go overboard with your feelings.
Who in the world loves that way?
Am I supposed to measure how much affection I'm supposed to give him?
Why do you think we'll break up?
Because that's what you always do.
You get hurt and become single, then you get hurt and become single.
You're a real jerk. You annoying little punk.
See you.
Jae Young.
Do you want to end your friendship?
- What? - It's too late...
to look at her like that.
Ha Ri won't see you again...
if she knows what you're up to.
What did I even do?
You won't even let me look at her.
So what else can I do?
You like her that much?
Look at how happy she is to finally date someone in 10 years.
She won't even consider you.
You might just end up losing a good friend.
Come here, Do Ah.
- How adorable. - What's this, Do Ah?
Do Ah, do you know what this is?
- My goodness. - Look.
Here. Watch this.
At least she knew what to get her daughter.
Goodness.
Isn't this fascinating? My gosh.
Can you walk a bit more?
Even if it doesn't work out with him,
she won't choose you.
If you wish to stay by her side, quietly make your feelings go away.
- Do Ah, look at this. - Gosh.
Over here. Look!
My gosh.
I'm going to call him...
(Han I Sang)
- Hello? - Talk about nice timing.
Did you know that I'd been thinking of you?
Didn't you know that I missed you more?
So who won? You or the moms?
I took quite the beating...
and my head nearly fell off.
My gosh. If only I had been there to provide comfort.
So where should we go next?
How about the tteokbokki place near my house?
It's delicious, you know.
Are you sure about this?
Emotionally, you had a tough time before.
I feel like I can endure it this time around.
You must receive hormone injections...
twice a week for at least three months.
But since you don't have the time to come by every week,
I'll instruct you of how to give the shots yourself.
I'm sure you're aware that the result might not be desirable.
If it doesn't work, I'll try another three months.
A year if I need to.
I'll try until it works.
Did you tell your girlfriend?
I should've.
This time, I should.
(Urologist, Dr. Moon)
Please.
All right.
Please enter the chatroom.
(The 10th Mom Community)
(Ji Yul's mom entered the chatroom.)
- Nice! - She's here.
See? What did I tell you?
This is a sign of hope.
(The 10th Mom Community)
(Dori entered the chatroom.)
- That's another one. - Yes!
I knew it.
What did I tell you?
(Ji Yeon's mom entered the room.)
(Invitation accepted, 30 out of 30)
- We did it. - Nice!
Good job, Ha Ri.
Hello, sir.
Did you see the chatroom? All the moms are back.
Is that so?
I saw the video you took.
The chairman saw it too and he wishes to speak to you.
Did he say anything else?
You'll know once you see him.
The decision will be finalized if there aren't any further issues.
Good job, Manager Jang.
- Manager Jang. - Manager Jang!
- Yes! - I knew it.
Let's wrap up for the day and head home.
Thanks, guys. I couldn't have done it without you.
My gosh.
Let's get going then.
- Come on. - Bye, guys.
Let's get out of here.
- Let's go! - Come on.
(The Mom Representative)
(Go, Jang Ha Ri!)
(Ha Ri)
- Hello? - Where are you?
Over here.
You have no idea how good I'm feeling today.
I felt so good...
that I kept wanting to see you...
and missed you even more.
It's why...
I must tell you this today.
I love you.
I...
love you too.
Ms. Jang.
Ha Ri didn't come home last night.
Do you know where she went?
Are you worried that she'd end up not having kids?
I'm worried that she'll end up living alone.
Are you okay with her raising a child...
on her own?
No mother wants her child to be a single mother.
Of course, I wish for her to get married to someone.
I only approved of the pregnancy because her clock's ticking.
Auntie, what if I lived with her?
You?
I just have to be with her like I am right now.
Just like...
how I've been.
(Oh My Baby)
I'd love nothing more than to take you home with me right now.
What do you say?
Could you perhaps change the lights for me?
What lights?
Which lights are you talking about?
Are you free on Saturday?
You must make time for me that day.
I'm here to buy the C brand ring.
We're dating.
If I hadn't married Jeong Won,
what would've happened to us?
Do you have feelings for Ha Ri?
Yes, and I don't know what to do.